this is Jonathan Chi Minh he was as you
see on screen the head of the Los
Angeles Times Beijing Bureau however he
also drank a lot of alcohol and had
several peculiar sexual experiences in
peculiar places and some accounts of
that got written about on the Internet
and of course there was some
word-of-mouth about him now a journalist
named Emily Yaffe way back in October of
wrote an article presenting this guy as
a kind of super victim as it says here
quote he is one of the least famous
least powerful men on the lists
published by the New York Times in blue
Berg of those who have lost their jobs
in the wake of the hashtag me to
movement and she makes the argument that
this somehow reflects a tendency towards
mob justice and as you see her on screen
comparing it to hysteria about Satanism
McCarthyism false memories yeah it's a
bit of a stretch and the fact is it's
getting harder and harder to be a bad
journalist in the 21st century because
all of the sources she worked from are
available for us to see on the Internet
here is the original account from Laura
Tucker which I mentioned repeatedly in
the video there's a link to it below the
description here's the retort from
Felicity asan nez and although the
original article was back in October
this is so much talked about today so
many people are reading and respond to
the article because it was just a few
days ago now in August August 25th 2019
that Felicio Psalm has really challenged
the accuracy of the journalists work
let's just say hypothetically someone
wrote an autobiographical account on the
Internet of someone else's bad behavior
let's say no laws were broken let's just
say someone who got drunk and acted in a
manner that was um shameful they and
let's just suppose this account was
completely truthful but because this
account was written somebody lost their
job someone's whole
got turned inside out they lost their
job they lost their home that to move to
another place they lost their book deal
I really want to challenge you does that
mean that the first person was wrong to
write that autobiographical account we
have to make hard decisions about
freedom of speech in the 21st century I
have a ton of respect for Laura Tucker
Laura Tucker is a woman who was living
in Beijing and she wrote a completely
reasonable account of her bad experience
with a journalist called John Chi Minh
and I was given s Jonathan Chi Minh
naturally the one thing you could never
legislate is reasonableness you can
never write a law that says you know
what we're gonna give you freedom of
speech but be reasonable
you know what freedom of speech it's not
for everybody it's only for the
reasonable people you could never do
that if you allow people freedom of
speech some are gonna use it in an
unreasonable way but Laura Tucker link
link below this video she wrote a
completely reasonable account of her
sexual experience with this guy John Chi
Minh she does not leap to any
unreasonable allegations or accusations
she does not for example this is
something very common in the 3/4 century
she does not leap to the conclusion that
this guy has a psychological problem she
does not diagnose him and say that he's
a narcissist she does not say that he's
a sociopath she does not say she's a
psychopath she does not do anything like
that she has a reasonable set of
reflections on this thing that happened
in her life
and what it meant for her she reflects
on her own shortcomings and her own
feelings and she reflects on the guy's
shortcomings as well if she does not
have the freedom of speech to write this
then I don't have the freedom of speech
to write my own autobiography and
neither do you or you or you in the
audience
all right let's let's face up today
I think it's important to discipline
this sort of discussion about freedom of
speech by asking hypothetically what law
would this have broken what law could
this have broken do you see I'm saying
not just referring to laws statutes is
today but if we think this is morally
wrong how would we legislate against it
what would be the limit to be imposed on
it so I see absolutely nothing wrong in
the conduct of Laura Tucker here you can
click on the link below this video I see
something here that's really important
to praise because there are so many
examples of this kind of controversy
that begin with someone pointing the
finger and calling somebody a psychopath
and a sociopath and making you know
criminal allegations that are
unwarranted and so on going way way
beyond what this account does now the
problem is and the reason why this is a
controversy today is that Emily Yaffe
took this story and wrote a very
bombastic very one-sided and frankly
misleading article about it on a website
called a reason calm so Emily Yaffe
characterizes her own motivation she
says quote my story is about the dangers
of moral panics and of applying mob
justice and the bazooka of social media
to private relations pure meaning
private sexual relationships if that was
her interest
she really chose a very very poor case
study and there's a rebuttal I'll give
the link in the description again from
Felicia song mass
the fundamental question here is can you
judge the act by its consequences to
different women tell the true story of
their or sexual relationship but their
sexual experience with this guy because
they tell their story a couple other
people a couple other witnesses
apparently came forward for other other
sorts of examples of drunk and bad
behavior on this guy's part and that's
what we're talking about here we're not
talking about rape we're not talking
about outright simple crimes but the guy
evidently had a lot of drunken bad
behavior and his employer carried out an
investigation and pulled these things
together it wasn't mob justice it wasn't
an overnight decision
Felicio sets down she tells you exactly
how many months the investigation went
on for and so on and the employer
decided we don't want you okay now I
don't know I don't know if you had a
contract but you know they had a morals
clause in it I don't know you know
exactly the base says I don't know if
some of the examples of his drunken
misconduct were some of the examples of
his sexual misconduct were with
coworkers or at office functions or
parties I don't know in that sense
technically what the justification was
but I mean there were big unanswered
questions here for how the Internet is
gonna transform human behavior okay it
is now true as never before if you go
out and get drunk and get stoned you can
end up getting fired for point when
you've had this kind of just generally
immoral to psaltery behavior
disreputable immature behavior it's
possible now for an employer to look at
that and it may be on videotape on the
and it may be that people are writing
into your employer and describing what
happened at the nightclub one of these
events that a karaoke bar and this kind
of stuff and the employer is gonna look
at that and say well this is not who we
want representing our office this is not
that we want filling this role this
really shows that this person has poor
judgment or is very immature or very
unreliable I think that's the real story
here and those are those are the real
questions so this journalist Emily Yaffe
tried to take the story and really turn
it upside down but nobody nobody claims
that he's innocent right that's what's
interesting about this nobody is making
false allegations both these women seem
to have been very very reasonable
Felicio saunas and and Laura Tucker
they were both reasonable they didn't
make unreasonable allegations or
accusations and then secondly nobody
claims this guy is innocent the version
of events given by Jonathan Chi Minh it
basically only differs from the accounts
of these women in terms of how he felt
about things or what he intended to say
you know in terms of what happened where
and when in terms of his actual again
drunken misconduct and sexual Muskaan
whatever want to say his bad behavior
there's there's no real disagreement
here all right
the disagreement is about whether or not
behavior like this going from the
private sphere to the public sphere on
the Internet going from being something
unknown to something known what what is
the morality of somebody making the
decision to to take that private
experience put in the Internet
and it is very fundamentally the same
freedom that we have in writing our own
autobiography so hey this is my
experience this is what happened to me
and then you know what your employer can
read it remembers the general public
agree to you know my mother was was
urging me just a couple weeks ago sorry
to my mother and my mother was saying to
me you know you have so
interesting stories you've got to write
a memoir you've got to write down a
biography or a series of books that are
autobiographical and I mean the irony is
if I wrote an autobiography it would
hurt a lot of people's feelings above
all else it would probably hurt my own
mother's feelings my own mother would
probably one of the people the most hurt
the most negatively impacted if I were
to now write not a biography does
freedom of speech include the right to
tell the truth even if other people get
hurt even if other people get fired
I think the terrifying reality will live
within the 21st century is that we know
that it does we know that it must we
know that freedom of speech would mean
nothing if we can't tell the truth
and hurt other people's feelings can't
tell the truth and get other people
fired but in this case I think that the
journalists got it a hundred percent
wrong because both of these women Laura
Tucker and Felicity Summers deserve a
lot of credit for being reasonable the
challenge of the 21st century is
precisely that we give people freedoms
with the knowledge that a great many of
them are going to make unreasonable use
of those freedoms with long term
consequences that they can never really
take responsibility
[Music]